README.md, before:

# Data Portfolio: Excel to Power BI

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/EliudWekesa0x/top_uk_youtubers/blob/main/assets/images/kaggle_to_powerbi.gif"
alt= "Kaggle to Power BI Demo">
<p>

# Table of Contents
  - Objective
  - Data Source
  - Stages
  - Design
    - Mockup
    - Tools
  - Development
    - Pseudocode
    - Data Exploration
    - Data Cleaning
    - Transform the Data
    - Create the SQL View
  - Testing
    - Data Quality Tests
  - Visualization
    - Results
    - DAX Measures
  - Analysis
    - Findings
    - Validation
    - Discovery
  - Recommendations
    - Potential ROI
    - Potential Courses of Action
  - Conclusion

# Objective
  - What is the key pain point?
The Head of Marketing wants to find out who the top YouTubers are in 2024 to decide on which YouTubers would be best to run marketing campaigns throughout the rest of the year.
  - What is the ideal solution?
To create a dashboard that provides insights into the top UK YouTubers in 2024 that includes their

# User Story

Commit message:

Clarify objective for YouTuber marketing campaign
Added objective details for marketing insights dashboard.

README.md, after:

# Data Portfolio: Excel to Power BI

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/EliudWekesa0x/top_uk_youtubers/blob/main/assets/images/kaggle_to_powerbi.gif"
alt= "Kaggle to Power BI Demo">
<p>

# Table of Contents
  - Objective
  - Data Source
  - Stages
  - Design
    - Mockup
    - Tools
  - Development
    - Pseudocode
    - Data Exploration
    - Data Cleaning
    - Transform the Data
    - Create the SQL View
  - Testing
    - Data Quality Tests
  - Visualization
    - Results
    - DAX Measures
  - Analysis
    - Findings
    - Validation
    - Discovery
  - Recommendations
    - Potential ROI
    - Potential Courses of Action
  - Conclusion

# Objective
  - What is the key pain point?

The Head of Marketing wants to find out who the top YouTubers are in 2024 to decide on which YouTubers would be best to run marketing campaigns throughout the rest of the year.

  - What is the ideal solution?

To create a dashboard that provides insights into the top UK YouTubers in 2024 that includes their

  - Subscriber count
  - Total views
  - Total videos, and
  - Engagement metrics

This will help the marketing team make informed decisions about which YouTubers to collaborate with for their marketing campaigns.

# User Story
